Update meta descriptions (#6534)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/sagas/index.md

---
title: Sagas

> summary: Maintain statefulness in distributed systems with the saga pattern and event-driven architectural principles with built-in fault-tolerance and scalability.

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention NServiceBus here too

Author: It's already at 155 chars, so have to sacrifice something else. Do you have a suggestion?

> summary: Maintain statefulness in distributed systems with the saga pattern and event-driven architectural principles with built-in fault-tolerance and scalability.

Author: How's about

```suggestion
summary: Maintain statefulness in distributed systems with the saga pattern and NServiceBus' event-driven architecture with built-in fault-tolerance and scalability.
```

?

Reviewer: I like it!
